Readme.md, before:

## I have not much understanding what I'm doing

Main idea is that I'll compile a site once and will make it livable incrementally,  one small piece at a time.

Current situation:
I've writing this in prose.io, that is linked to my github account. Github account hosts github pages site. This way I can have a static site that works by itself with no input and maintenance from me.
Now it is one-pager index.html, but I'll migrate some bits'n'pieces from somewhere, hopefully it'll work.

I've tried netlify and still have an even stranger site name to show for it.

Things I really want for the site (help is appreciated):

1. link extensions like on [gwern](https://www.gwern.net/). I really like wikipedia and pdf ones, they are useful. Footnotes are also nicely done, although I'm more low-brow wrt page margins.
2. Even simpler and richer blog entrying. That's one thing that is really well done even in the present-day livejournal and I miss it in every other blogging place I use.
3. Just random customization bells and whistles

Commit message:

Add comments to mrakdown, some editing

Readme.md, after:

## I have not much understanding what I'm doing

Main idea is that I'll compile a site once and will make it livable incrementally,  one small piece at a time.

Current situation:
I've writing this in prose.io which is linked to my github account. Github account hosts github pages site. This way I can have a static site that works by itself with no input and maintenance from me.
Now it is one-pager index.html, but I'll migrate some bits'n'pieces from somewhere, hopefully it'll work.

I've tried netlify and still have an even stranger site name to show for it.

Things I really want for the site (help is appreciated):

1. link extensions like on [gwern](https://www.gwern.net/). I really like wikipedia and pdf ones, they are useful. Footnotes are also nicely done, although I'm more low-brow wrt page margins.
2. Even simpler and richer blog entrying. That's one thing that is really well done even in the present-day livejournal and I miss it in every other blogging place I use.
3. Just random customization bells and whistles

[comment]: <> (Comments are not included)
